Rename `db upgrade` to `db migrate` and add `connections create-default-connections` (#32810)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/installation/setting-up-the-database.rst

default SQLite option. If you don't want to use SQLite, then take a look at
:doc:`/howto/set-up-database` to setup a different database.

Usually, you need to run ``airflow db migrate`` in order to create the database schema if it does not exist

> or migrate to the latest version if it does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or migrate to the latest version if it does. You should make sure that Airflow components are
not running while the database migration is being executed.
```

Let's not lose this part.

.. note::

>     Prior to Airflow version 2.7.0, ``airflow db init`` was used to create the db and ``airflow db upgrade`` to migrate it.
>     Now it has been replaced by one command ``airflow db migrate`` that does both and above two commands are now deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Prior to Airflow version 2.7.0, ``airflow db upgrade`` was used to apply migrations, 
    however, it has been deprecated in favor of ``airflow db migrate``.
```

Upgrade already did both. Let's keep this note simple.
